Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter. I'm your host, as always, Ricardo Lops, and
today I'm joined by Marcela Alonso. She's an OnlyFans
content creator and she's also the host of the
Get Schooled podcast. We, and we're going to talk
about the work she does and also her podcast
and also all the related topics. So Marcella, welcome
to the show. It's a pleasure to everyone.
Thank you for having me.
So let's start reps uh uh talking a little
bit about yourself. So what kind of content do
you create and how did you get into it?
Um, WELL, I've actually been a sex worker, um,
all of my adult life, so I didn't exactly
start doing content, uh, creation to, uh, I did
like phone sex right before that, and I did
do, uh, it was Snapchat. I, I did do
the OnlyFans before the pandemic, but then during the
pandemic. I heavily focused on it, but I originally
started, um, exotic dancing when I first was 18,
you know, and, and, uh, done other stuff, yeah,
so it wasn't, uh, I've been a sex worker
my entire adult life.
OK, uh, OK, but what got you then into
sex work and then perhaps you can tell us
about the different kinds of sex work you've done.
Um, I had a child at a young age,
and so, uh, I had to support her. The
father abandoned me, and it was very, you know,
the father just, he refused to help me whatsoever,
and I'm he didn't, yeah, he didn't take responsibility,
so the responsibility was put on me. I did
work. Um, IN the US, uh, I lived in
the state of Florida, and Florida does not help
you. Every state in the United States is different,
um, when it comes to welfare, and Florida is
a very, um, Christian, uh, conservative state where, uh,
they don't really, they want you to have the
baby. They don't really like, uh, want, you know,
so I had my child. But they don't really
help you, uh, financially with like the welfare so
much. So it's pretty much on the woman's own.
So I had to do something and where I
lived in Tampa, Florida, they had exotic dancing, and
I knew that, um, because I did have a
regular job, I, um, right after 16, I was
going to school and I was working a waitressing
job, but it wasn't enough money. So I turned
to exotic dancing because I could make cash and
that could support me and my child. So that's
how I turned to, yeah, sex work.
And and then how did you get then, uh,
tell us more about how you got into OnlyFans
and the kind of content you create
there. OK, so during the pandemic, you know, everybody,
like they had to do something because it just,
that, that was just the way, but before it
ran before it transitioned, um, because I had always
done some form. Of sex work. It was, you
know, whether it was domination, whether it was dancing
or whatever. And um at that point, the pandemic
happened and I had to do something to pay
the rent at the time I was living in
New York. The rent was very, very expensive and
uh I think my rent was like 3500 and
I was living right in Manhattan and uh I
was already doing it. And so, and then my
daughter was in uh Uh, college at the time
and, uh, so I just, I had to jump
and work even harder and get on only, you
know, got on OnlyFans and it took advantage at
the time when everybody was out so. And because
I already was, had the experience of dealing with
sex work, that's when I got on it. And
it was, I gave more of a personal experience
by doing um more video calls than anything else,
where it was one on one. And that's, I
sold mostly video calls or custom videos to individual
men. Yeah, so that was my favorite thing to
do, um, then then, uh, then I started doing
more collabs with other creators.
OK, so let me ask you because this is
something that many times when for example, people are
debating with sex workers, I know that different sex
workers have different kinds of experiences in sex work
and doing different kinds of sex work, of course,
but it's very easily the case that people accuse.
Sex workers are not really liking what they do,
that they only do it because of the money,
because of this and that, but I mean, uh,
in your specific case, is it just because of
financial necessities, just because of the money or do
you also like what you do?
You know what I did, I did do it
because that's what it brought me there, you know,
it, it honestly did bring me there because of
the financial circumstance, but I do enjoy it. There's
many years of when I dance, I honestly can
say I enjoyed it, but there's different aspects where
I don't enjoy it. What I didn't enjoy about
dancing was the way the management treated me, but
I enjoyed it. I really, really enjoy. Talking to
different customers, clients, fans, um, I enjoy that interaction
with my fans. When I was in the clubs,
I did enjoy the management, the way they treated
us. Um, THE thing with OnlyFans is, again, I
enjoy doing the video calls. I enjoy the interaction
with the fans. What I don't enjoy is the,
how it got so sensationalized and it got to
be too, you know, everybody's doing it and now.
You know, you've got too many people jumping in
and not, you know, taking it and changing it
up, and then too many people when too many
hands are in there doing things that are hurting
other sex workers. So, and that's where it gets
kind of complicated.
But by it getting more sensationalized, what do you
mean by that? Um,
YOU get people that never were in sex work
and all of a sudden, you know, manage people
are becoming managers, AKA pimps, and they're running management
companies and They're doing different practices and, and just
taking advantage of sex workers and trying to profit
off off sex workers. So that's the part that
I don't like. And it's, and again, it goes
back to when people, when I work like in
the strip clubs and you have managers where all
of a sudden they start fining girls or they
start, you know, trying to Somehow like pimp them,
manage it, manage them, and take advantage of that.
That's the part that I don't enjoy, you know,
or anybody where they're trying to take advantage of
the sex workers, and that's what happens. But overall,
like, you know, I did love, I, I did
love the freedom that I had when I did
dance because I was able to raise my daughter.
I was able to provide for her. She went
to college, she finished, um, that was the part
that was good. I, you know, I have two
children and I was able to provide, I. I
went to college myself. I don't have any debt.
I don't have any loans. Um, YOU know, a
lot of people in America have, uh, loans and
debts, and I was able to take very good
care of my children. Um, I, I did it
when my second child. I didn't get any child
support, so I raised her without having any child
support whatsoever. Um, SO that, that was the good
thing, but it, it, sex work is not for
everyone. And, and, um, I think in the mainstream
media, you see these articles where, oh, this person
made this amount of money, but they're not telling
you the full truth in the full scope. And
I think that could be bad for society because
it, it's really for the strong. You have to
go in not having addictions also, and that's a
whole different ballgame.
Uh, WHAT kind of addictions, addictions to alcohol, drugs,
or are you talking about other kinds of addictions?
Um, I think honestly, like you have, um, the
more sober I am, the better I was like
when I dance, um, you know, and same thing,
I feel like it, I, I just feel like,
um, you, your mind has to be really straight
and you have to be comfortable doing sex work.
That is how I feel personally, um. And I
always was sober because I was raising a child.
And um it didn't bother me. Mentally, it did
not, you know, nothing bothered me, and I feel
like that's what's important. Some people that I did
um dance with earlier, it mentally bothered them. And
I feel like if, if, if something is gonna
bother you, and you're gonna do it, whether you're
gonna be doing OnlyFans, whether you're gonna be dancing,
whether you're gonna be doing in-person work, you shouldn't,
you shouldn't go into it. You shouldn't go into.
I know I could never be a nurse or
a doctor, and I know I, I can't go
there, you know, mentally I could not handle that.
So it's, it's not for the weak.
And, and so what kinds of traits do you
think that women particularly should have, uh, to be
successful doing sex work and uh for them to
like doing it?
Um, I have a girlfriend, and to me she's
the best porn star ever. Her name's Ava Devine,
and, um, she is, you know who she is,
like he's, yeah, yeah, so she is absolutely, I
mean,
I also follow your podcast, so I
know
that.
Oh, OK. I always talk about my best friend
because to me in my eyes she's the best
porn star in the world, and, um, she is
absolutely the most sexual woman alive. And if I
was gonna give the award for the best porn
star, it would be her. And she is the
ideal woman that should be a porn star, and
she's a very beautiful woman to know. And She
is You have to be naturally sexy and want
the sex and enjoy the sex, and that is
the model of a true porn star. So to
me, if anybody knows her personally, she is the,
the, the model star of the porn star, and
that is. That's how you have to be, you
know, and it's too many people, it, it, it's,
it's for her, it's definitely not about the money,
you know, um, it, that is the true model
of it. Me, I know that, um, I am
not as comfortable as she is, so therefore, you
know, you can't get your ass out of the
kitchen if you can't take the heat. So that's
why I never worked for a production company, but
somebody like her, you know what I'm saying, that
deserves the Avian. Of the century, that's what Ava
Devine deserves. Um, BUT she, uh, that's the type
of person that should go into, you know, because
they enjoy sex so much.
Yeah, I mean, I was uh thinking when preparing
our conversation and also because of other talks I
have on the show, not with sex workers necessarily,
but people who have done work on pornography, psychologists,
and so on, people like that, and I was
thinking about perhaps some traits that would be,
well, everybody's different, yeah, well, for porn star, I
always say give her for dominatrix it's different. You
have to be like a dominant woman. Every form
of sex work is so different. I, I enjoy,
I love, I, I always identify as a, an
ex, uh, stripper. So I love being a stripper.
And, and, um, I wish I could have been
a stripper forever. So I, I identify as an
ex-stripper for life, you know, give me that award.
Yeah,
yeah, but I mean I was thinking since you
mentioned, of course, the sex part which uh I
mean, is part of the job, right? I mean,
I guess
not for all sex work,
yeah, not, not yeah, yeah, no, that that's totally
right, but uh let me just say that at
least for people who do pornography, for example, or
escorts and people like that, I mean, I guess
that it's. Easier if they are if they score
high on sociosexuality because it's easier for people who
score high on that trait to have sex that
that it doesn't involve necessarily any attachment or emotion
or something like that,
right, right, and that's something they have, they, you
have to be a, I have that though where
I can have sex and not be attached. I
do have that, but the thing is with the
pornography, I just feel like it's a special. THE
porn is just so, um, it's, it's, it's like
um the Meryl Meryl Streak. Of, you have to
be such a good performer, you know what I'm
saying? You know, you have Meryl Streep, who's a
wonderful actress, and when it comes to porn, it
has to be that true gift of being that
true performer. I've interviewed so many porn stars that
I know, I just know, like I can see
it, and I, I could feel it. There's um,
uh, uh, a, a new girl that's out. She's
right, I think she, she's, maybe she's out, Cherie.
I have to look her up, but there's a,
a new performer out that I think is, she's
got it in her too. Um, BUT I could
just, I know that when I see that foreign
performer, like, I'm like, she's got it, she's got
it.
Yeah, I mean, let me, let me ask you
just out of of curiosity, you mentioned Ava Devine.
Um, BEFORE getting into sex work, I mean, were
you influenced by anyone or did you look up
to anyone? I mean, do you have any role
models in sex work or
pornography? Yeah, um, well, for Dom, dominatrix, Miss Tara
Indiana, um, I look up to her very much,
uh, for Dom. Um, MY good friend Brittany Andrews,
to me, she's the smartest. Um, SEX worker, one
of the smartest, this woman is just a genius.
You need to have her on your show. She's,
she's a genius. Um, SO she's somebody I look
up to, and I'm very, and she's,
she's been doing it for a while
now. Oh yeah, yeah, she, she's probably longer than
I, probably a couple of years longer than I
have. She's this, to know this woman, she's a
pure genius. Um, Genius, you know, some of the
smartest women I know are sex workers. Um Yeah,
no, I totally believe that. Look, just, uh, uh,
just to tell you a story here from Portugal,
I mean, back in October we had our, uh,
local municipal elections and maybe you're thinking, oh, where
are you going with this because that has nothing
to do with sex work, but actually it, it
has something to do with it because uh. In
one of the municipalities there was a woman who
was a candidate for president, for president or at
least for assembly, and she had an OnlyFans account
and people started making fun of that and assuming
that just because she was an adult content creator
she wouldn't be. Intelligent enough or competent enough or
something like that and, and I was just like,
really, I mean, you're assuming that I mean you
don't know enough.
Yeah, people get very ignorant, but it's a lot
of work to maintain those pages. It's not very,
it's, it's a lot, you know how it is
if you have a podcast. It's to, to, to
get back and forth and, and. Booking the guests
and uh because you booked the guests just like
I booked the guests and it's it's detailed and
then you have to do
I I do I do it all alone so
yeah yeah I find it's better when you do
book the guests. By yourself because I dealt with
a producer for a short period of time and,
and I was like, oh no, I need to
do this myself because it's, it's, it's, it's intense,
you know, yeah.
Yeah, but, but, but I mean, Ava Devine, Brittany
Andrews, anyone else you went there,
um, Tara Indiana, and then there was another woman,
and she's out of the business, and this woman
is top of the chain, um, Mercedes Ashley. That
woman, she's Puerto Rican, like I'm half Puerto Rican,
half Cuban, but she, I used to do bachelor
parties with her. This woman was ahead of her
time monetizing content, um, and just, she now does,
um, she works with computers. She was just genius,
like. She was so smart, where before OnlyFans come
out, she already had a website going on and
was monetizing content and she was just, oh my
gosh. So that those are the women that I
have to give it to that are all um
very, very smart. Brittany Andrews is, is just a
genius with business and everything she gets her hands
into, you know what I'm saying, uh, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I, I, I mean, uh, maybe we'll come
back to that when we, when I ask you
about your podcast, but let me just, um, run
through you some of the arguments that people who
are against pornography or sex work more generally. Uh,
USE, uh, against sex workers. I mean, uh, uh,
first of all, people who are against pornography assume
that women, women work in it must have or
must all have psychological issues, like for example, past
trauma or have been the victims of sexual violence
or having grown in a father. Less home or
being addicted to substances like alcohol or drugs. I
mean, where do you think those assumptions come from,
and do you think they have any basis in
reality
it's pure ignorance because I grew up with a
father and my father was very involved with my
life, you know, my father passed away in 2019.
He was always like involved. In my life, he
knew what my father knew what I, um, and
part of the reason I never got into work
with a porn production company was because of my
father, um, and I, you know, um. And I,
that's the one, the one that really irks me.
People are like, oh, you, you don't know your
father or whatever. No, my dad was involved and
I had a very masculine father, um. So that
one I don't get. That's just pure ignorance, um,
in itself. I just was in a circumstance that
I was young, that I had a child at
a young age, and I needed to provide, and
I was in a state that did not really
support things. And right now with the way the
economy is in the United States, there's a lot
of people that are struggling, not making ends meet,
and this is why in the US the birth
rate is declining. So people can't afford to have
children. And, you know, that in my, my generation,
there was a lot of teen pregnancies. So what
did a woman, so a lot of women do
during that time is they turned to exotic dancing
in my era. Yeah
Yeah, uh, but and I mean when it comes
to the bit about people assuming that, uh, porn
stars or sex workers in general must have been
the victims of sexual violence of some kind, it's
interesting because there's a study from 2012. I mean,
I read it indirectly because it was. A post
on psychology today written by Gata, he's an evolutionary
psychologist, and in that study, in that study, they
studied 177 porn stars and compared them to the
same number of women from the general population. And
when it comes to a past of sexual violence,
actually it's not. Statistically, the difference is not statistically
significant because the numbers they came to were 29%
of women from the general population had been the
victims of sexual violence and the porn stars was
around 36%.
So I wonder where they're getting their data. I
wonder where they're getting their data because I've noticed
that um. I don't know, I just wonder where
they get their data cause I can't really, yeah.
Uh, uh, I mean, it's just, of course, I'm
not sure to what extent those 177 porn stars
were really representative or not. I mean, you know,
it always depends a little bit on the kind
of, uh, sample of people you have,
right, yeah. Yeah, I could just, I can only
speak for myself, like, you know.
Mhm. I, I mean, uh, and you don't have,
uh, any of that, or, or do you?
Um, SO you said I, my father was in
my life, um. You know, what else was it
they said, uh,
uh, they, they talk about things like trauma, sexual
violence, being addicted to alcohol or
drugs. No, um, I've done drugs, but I never
was. I don't have an addictive personality, so I
could, I've been, anything I've ever done, I've been
able to put down. So I've never had, and
because I had a child at a young age,
I didn't even drink or really drive because my
responsibility was with my child.
So yeah,
yeah.
No, I, I mean, in that sense, in that
sense, I'm like you, I can never get addicted
to it.
Yeah, I've never been addicted. I, I, I'm fortunate,
you know, fortunate that I don't have that addictive.
Gene, you know, I
do know of psychology, yeah,
I don't have that. Some people have it, um,
but I personally didn't, you know what I'm saying.
But I also, I had to grow up, so
my circumstance was different. So, you know, like I
said, I can only speak for myself. Each, each
individual sex worker is different the way they've handled
things. So that's, yeah,
it's a matter of people. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, sure, uh, I mean, uh, for example, last
year I interviewed Gerald Mosley. He's, he was a,
or he's a former general attorney from California and
he wrote a very interesting book, Sex Workers and
The Clients in Their Own Words, and he took
the time to really interview sex workers and so
on. And I mean, the point of his book
was really to show. People that not all sex
workers approach their work or think about their work
the same way, you know, so some of them
might have more negative experiences, others might have more
positive experiences, so it, it was really to show
people that the kinds of generalizations that they make
about sex workers don't really stick.
Right, yeah, no, exactly, and a lot of sex
work can benefit and help people.
Yeah, in what ways? Tell us a little about,
um,
you know, a lot of society seems to forget
about people that are, um, disabled, um, or people
that are like mentally challenged, and that's a whole
society that, you know, all that just gets neglected,
and they have, you know, needs too, sexual needs,
or just they want to have, you know, conversation
with people. You know what I mean, in sex
work, it doesn't mean it's penetrative sex, you, you
know what I'm saying? Like it, it, it, it
could be, um, I, for instance, I do a
lot of phone, phone sex, and I do, and
it doesn't mean that they're jerking off the whole
time. It, a lot of times it's just simple
conversations and it's the intimacy of talking to somebody.
And people, you know, are needing that intimacy of,
you know, just talking to people in, in society,
you know, it's hard. It's hard for men to
date and relate to other people. And that's where
sex work can be beneficial for people, you know,
when men get divorced and instead of dating right
away, there comes that stage where they're kind of
confused, and they're just not really ready to date
that moment, and that's where sex work can be
beneficial for men.
OK, so let me ask you this then, because
interestingly, just recently I did an interview and it's
already on the channel with Olivia Bentley, you had
her on your show as well, and, and, and
I mean, one of the comments I got on
the video was someone saying, OK, I'm not going
to go through all of his arguments here, but
it was a guy uh accusing sex workers of
only being able to. Make so much money because
they are taking advantage of vulnerable men. I mean
men that have emotional needs, sexual needs, and so
on. Yeah,
but this is the, you know, you know what's
taking advantage of women is when men go on
dating apps and they're not really ready to commit,
but they will use women for their own validation
and they will lie just so they could sleep
with them and pretend and instead of them going
to therapy. You get what I'm saying? So I'd
rather, um, to me, a man is more emotionally
available when he knows, hey, I'm not ready to
commit. So why don't I go see a sex
worker so that way, you know, I know I'm
not ready mentally, right? This is a man that's
emotionally available. Let me see a sex worker. Let
me just, I have needs, sexual needs, or I
need the validation, see the sex worker, pay for
it rather than waste a woman's time. Yeah, Think
about that, OK, because we've got men out here
that will go on apps, waste a woman's time.
And what about that? Nobody talks about that. But
they've got an issue when a woman gets paid.
It doesn't make sense.
And sometimes guys even trick women on those kinds
of apps. And I mean there's, for example, there
are, for example, cases of men taking money from
women, tricking them into giving them money, and then
just Uh,
so we deal with men that are narcissists. We
deal with men that have avoidance. We deal with
men with different things that they're trying, you know,
they go on these apps and women are going
to apps thinking they're ready for a relationship where
these men have these issues. And meanwhile, these men
go, Oh, I don't hire sex worker. I don't
hire, you know, I, I don't pay for escorts.
I don't pay. Those are the men that have
issues. You know what I'm saying, uh, and I've
noticed through the years, the men that do pay
are more, they got stuff to do during the
week. They don't have time. They're too busy focused
in on their job. They're too busy focusing on
their kids. These men that are seeking validation because
they want to feel like they got issues, you
understand? Like, because they just need that high for
themselves, you know, and meanwhile, they're wasting women's time.
Yeah, Think about it. So the woman thinks she's
gonna get into a relationship. Meanwhile, the guy is
just He, you know what I'm saying? And then
meanwhile, we also have men that are going to
other countries like Colombia, because they're like, oh, this
is US men that do it, by the way.
US men that will go, oh, the American women
are so terrible. Oh, they won't settle down, they
won't think. So they go to other countries like
Colombia, and then they get robbed. And they're wondering,
oh, why am I getting robbed? Well, you didn't
get therapy. You didn't get. You know what I'm
saying? But meanwhile, if you just would have hired
a sex worker, you would have saved money on
your trip, getting robbed, and everything else.
Yeah, right, yeah, I mean, do you, to what,
to what extent do you know your fans? I
mean, do you know their lives? I mean, what
kind of fans do you have?
I have a lot of loyal people, um, that
have been coming to me for years. I have,
there's one person that I've, that, um, I've been
dealing with since 2012. Um, Yeah, so I've, I've,
uh, there's a lot of people very loyal to
me. Very loyal, yeah,
yeah, but, but I mean, do, do you get
the sense that, um, I, I mean, what is
the type of fan that you tend to have?
Do you have, for example, um, married men, couples,
single men,
believe it or not, um, I get a lot
of single guys, majority single guys, OK, um, over
married men. I have had married men through the
years. They, um, I've noticed this trend. A lot
of guys are very faithful. Believe it or not,
I've noticed this because when I've dealt with single
guys, they'll disappear and then they'll come back and
I'll be like, hey, where'd you go? And they'll
tell, they'll tell me the guy had a girlfriend
and I didn't, I didn't want to cheat. And
they feel like even though they were seeing me,
they were, you know, and, and these are guys
online. This was crazy. We're, we're doing video calls
or we're doing phone sex, and they'll be like,
I, I felt like I was cheating. And I'm
like, but we're not even seeing each other in
person. So, um, I do get a lot of,
you know, I have a very loyal, um, and
I get a lot of gifts from fans. Um,
I currently have, um, an online sub, submissive, that
helps me out. Um, HE, he runs, uh, like
an IG for me that's dedicated to me, so
I have a, a submissive that's like full time,
um, online sub that takes care of stuff for
me, um, with my Facebook and everything. So, um,
yeah, predominantly everybody I that I deal with is,
and of course because I'm. I've gotten older now.
Most majority are younger. My guys have been younger,
except for the one guy from 2012, he's older.
Of course that's that I've known since and what
you also. Uh,
I, I also asked you about that because interestingly,
there's been research on the kinds of men that
tend to use OnlyFans. I mean, research by people
like, for example, Stacy Lipton and Mary Lipman, and,
uh, interestingly, people tend to have this idea that
this very common idea that it's a men, it's
men who are uh vulnerable and Employed in cells
and so on that use only fans, but no,
actually a very big proportion of men who use
only fans are in relationships and they have good
jobs and so on. So I mean in a
sense, it makes sense because I mean those are
the men who have money to pay for OnlyFans.
I don't just use OnlyFans. I also use a
site named Sex Panther, and I'll be honest, like.
Um There's a couple guys that are like fans
of mine that have came back that look better
than like, cause like it was one guy I
dated, like, that looked better than guys that I've
dated in person. There was like a couple of
guys that I'm like, whoa, they're hot, they look
better than guys that I've dated. And I'm like,
So I've like, I have some fans that look
like really, really hot, that I like get nervous
I'm, yeah, like one guy I was like, whoa,
you are like, yeah, so I, I have some
hot ones.
Yeah, good. So, yeah, uh, let, let me, let
me ask you then. I mean, do you identify
or do you have anything to do at all,
or, or are you interested in feminism? Do you
identify as a feminist at all or not?
Um, I, I do, um, for for because I
do have daughters, you know, and I want them
to, I want. You know, I want us to
keep our rights, of course, yeah, sure, yeah, sure,
I don't want him took it away in America.
It's getting kind of scary over here.
No, you know, I'm asking you that because, uh,
sex work actually is an issue that many times
divides feminists. There are feminist, sex positive feminists in
favor of sex work and sex negative,
yeah, yeah, yeah, the swerves, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, and so I mean some of these um.
Assumptions and accusations people make of sex workers that
we've talked about and are going, and I'm going
to run through you some more in a bit,
uh, I mean, are the same things that um
feminists who are against sex work say, but then
you also have sex workers who are feminists themselves,
so. Mhm. Yeah, so I, I mean, one of
the things they say, one of the things that
feminists that are against sex work say is that
sex work is never a choice, that that, yeah,
that women only do it under coercion or under
or if they are financially destitute or something like
that. I mean, what, what do you make of
that?
Oh, that's false, that's false. But society, I will
say this though. More people need to give former
sex workers a chance for employment though, because sometimes
it's other people, it's those people that are, it's
the feminate, the swerves that don't give us opportunity
sometimes that they will judge. You know, instead of
it won't give us chances. There's people that will
like uh discriminate. I'm very open to who I
am and what I've done, and I'm not ashamed,
but I have encountered people that will. Judge, you
know, um, and, and, you know, it, it, it
give us opportunity to. You don't like it, but
don't discriminate.
You
know,
I get this idea that because of what I
hear from women in general who are against sex
work, but also sometimes from some of those feminists,
I get this, the idea or the impression that
many of these women only are against sex work,
uh I mean they are specifically against sex work
for females because there are also, even though in.
Smaller numbers also male sex workers, but they are
against sex work for females because they look at
sex workers being them porn stars or escorts or
others because they look at them as a competition.
I mean if they have a partner
they're
married
it's competition, but also, yes, it's competition I've noticed,
but also because they feel like they can't do
it. And there's a difference.
What do you mean by that?
Um, YOU know what, the best, the best compliment
I ever got from somebody that was not a
sex worker, they go. I wish I could do
it, but the only reason I don't do it
is my mother would get up from a wheelchair
and beat my, you know, it would beat me
silly. And I thought that was the best compliment
because the woman, she, she gave me props for
doing it, but she said, I wouldn't do it.
I'm scared to do it because my mother would
come out of the way, and I, uh, and
I, and, and I appreciated her saying the truth.
But honestly, it, like I told you, I, I,
I personally would never feel comfortable doing porn, but
I am not gonna discriminate. To a porn star
and be like, oh, I don't do it. I
just know that I, I, I wouldn't be as
good as my friend, so I'm not gonna get
my ass in the kitchen, you know what I'm
saying? And you know, so I don't discriminate. I
just know that about myself, but I'm not gonna
put the person down. So that this is what
a lot of women do, and you're right, they,
they're worried about the sex worker because they're so,
um. They feel like we're gonna take their husband
or their man or something. And when you become
a sex worker, you, you do become very open-minded
sexually because you know, we don't want nobody's husband
or boyfriend at the end of the day. We
just want their wallet, you know. Yeah,
that's funny, you know, but, but I, I've had
an interview on the show with, um, I think
it was with Francesca Luberti, if I'm not mistaken.
I mean, we talked about how sometimes people's views
of sex and relationships even have a. Influence their
own politics and for example people who are more
conservative who tend to prefer monogamous relationships and perhaps
don't like to have, uh, don't like promiscuity, the
idea of having sex with with several people and
so on. Uh, I mean, they, they tend to
not like, uh, sex workers and tend to not
like people who promote casual sex and so on
because they see that as a social threat because
they think, OK, so if I live in a
society where promiscuity and casual sex and so on
is allowed, then it's harder for me to get
a husband or a partner who is loyal or
faithful, you know. So,
oh, they could be ignorance because that's ignorance.
It's ignorance.
It's ignorance because it. It, it Difference, there's, you
know, that's a whole different discussion with the polyamory
and the swinger lifestyle, you know what I'm saying,
because with relationship, it's more about communication.
Mhm. Yeah, and yeah, and another thing that uh
feminists who are against sex work say is that,
uh, sex workers are always objectified by their fans
or clients. I mean, do you feel
objectified? Oh, no, no, I don't allow, I don't,
I would not allow a fan to objectify me.
Yeah, but but. Yeah, but, but, but I mean,
for, uh, do you feel, um, comfortable with the
fact that perhaps, uh, men approach you because they
like you physically? I mean, is that, is that
OK for you,
or if I date somebody, I'm gonna have to
like them physically, yeah, you know what I'm saying,
so it's vice versa. If I'm not gonna like,
you know, like I have to like them physically,
same, same thing. So, you know, of course, I,
uh, but, you know, when you talk to and,
usually, The way I personally have kept any of
my fans, clients is my personality. And they usually
know me and the way I've kept them through
the years is by them knowing who I am.
You know, it's, it's, yes, it's initially the beauty
and how I look, but it's also how when
I open my mouth and how I talk, and
that's the name of the game, you know, so
it's how good, yeah, you, you connect and you
communicate after. You know, once you open your mouth.
Yeah, because people have this idea that men only
approach sex workers or pay for sex with them
or pay for OnlyFans or whatever, because they only
care about their looks or their bodies. Yeah,
but if I date, I'm going to have to,
like, like, again, if I personally date a guy,
I don't want to like approach a guy that's
not, you know what I'm saying, like, uh, because
the time I let like. The time I went
and, and wasn't so picky, it wasn't good. So
it, it's, that's just the nature of any type
of business, you know, if I'm gonna go buy
an outfit, I want the outfit to look good.
Yeah, sure, you know, I mean, that's what everything,
what, what are they, they're being ridiculous. Oh, let,
let me go buy some ugly clothes to put
it on. You know what the hell? Let me
buy ugly clothes. Put the ugly clothes on now.
Are they getting too much with this? You know,
of course,
yeah, and and as you said, and I also
heard that from other sex workers, I mean, clients
and fans are not there only because of the
looks. That's not the only thing they care about.
One with anything, it's going to be a number
one, the looks, but then to keep them is
going to be the personality. But also, you know,
you gotta think again, like I said, the clo
the think about it like the clothes, you all
what looks good on me and then what's comfortable
fit, OK, but of course it's the look you're
gonna go to, it's like a strip club. I
wanna go to the strip club with the ugly
girls. You know, like, with no teeth, I take
me to where that she has no teeth at
all, you know, like. Well, that might be some
people might be into the Notif brothel. I don't
know. That might be a fetish.
No, you, you know, definitely some feminists must have
some,
they, they got some now that feminists have got
some issues there though, OK, because they're dating. Let
me see who they're dating and what they're wearing.
I was going to say that they must have
some. Issues with I don't know, past relationships or
with men because they are some of them also
talk about all the male gays, I mean women,
I hate to say, you know, I am a
feminist, but sometimes with some feminists. And, and, and,
and, and I had a cousin that used to
say this. Yeah, sometimes in the pussy there's cobwebs.
And they just need a dick to go in
there to get the cobwebs out because I hate
to be so crude and rude, but it's like
get over it, you know what I'm saying? Like
and just enjoy life. Like, of course it's for
the looks, but you know, in, in, in sex
work you do have to look good. You have
to look good. I, beauty is in the eye
of the beholder though, and men do like all
shapes, all sizes, and there's something for everyone. You
know what I'm saying. There's something for everyone. You
could be all, all men do like curves. Men
do like blondes, brunettes, all different ethnicities, all different,
all different women are beautiful at all different sizes.
But for these women to be that critical, get
the cobwebs out, OK. And if you don't like,
if you don't like a, a male in there,
they have choice. You could just stick in there
and get the cobwebs out, so enjoy yourself.
No, no, no, you know, it's, it's like, it's
really funny. It's really funny because a few years
ago, uh, last decade, there was a feminist group,
and again, I'm not, uh, criticizing all feminists because
there are different types of feminists.
Those are the extreme.
Yeah, but there, there,
there was too much,
yeah, there, there was a feminist group here in
Portugal, and one of them wrote a post saying
that women shouldn't have sex with men with the
lights on because men shouldn't look at their bodies,
and I
was
like, what the heck are you talking about? Because,
uh, because otherwise they are being objectified.
They need the cobwebs out. They need to come
up with. This sounds like my sister. My sister
must be part of this group. That's something my
sister would say. She gets like that and I'm
just like, Yeah,
do, do, do you get support from your family,
or,
uh, my mother, my sister's a weird one like
that. That's something my sister would say. She's got
the cobwebs. That's, that's the case of the cobwebs.
Just a case of the cobwebs, you know what
I'm saying? Yeah, we, you know what, in society
we do need men. I say we need men
for sex and money. And I have kids. And
sometimes we need to shut you guys up and
put a tag on you and throw you in
the closet for a bit. You know what I'm
saying? But You might enjoy it, but you know
what I mean? Men are very much needed in
society. I feel like. I, I'm, I, I love
men. I love men, you know, but it, it,
and, and, but I like my rights as a
female, you know what I'm saying? But I'm not
gonna shit on men. I'm not gonna, you know,
hate on men and I like the lights on.
I like maybe some fluorescent lights on when I
have sex, but not shut the lights off 100%.
I gotta find something, you know.
Yeah, I, I mean, do, do you think that
the sex work can be empowering?
It can be, and it was empowering for me
to raise my children and survive. You know what
I'm saying, um. When I hear conservative men put
down and oh women don't want to be married,
or I would have loved to be married, you
know what I'm saying? I would have loved to,
you know, be home with my children every day
if a man would have supported me and paid
my bills and let me stay home and be
a mother, but that wasn't the case. So it
was empowering for me to be able to work
3 or 4 days and make enough money to
support my children. So that was empowering because I
didn't have a man that could take care of
me, you know what I'm saying, um, and empowering
that I could provide and make sure my child
was well educated. Yeah,
yeah, I mean that that's the reason why I
think feminism is so important because feminism is what
gives you choices. I mean, you can choose to
be a sex. Sex worker and be an independent
woman, you can choose to be a housewife and
I mean just take care of the kids and
cook food and so on and that's I mean
I was able to do,
yeah, I was able to work like enough and
then support my child and and. You know, because
the father like abandoned, you know, abandoned me. But
what was I supposed to do? And, you know,
that's, that's the thing. He didn't wanna help, he
didn't wanna pay, he didn't wanna, you know, do
nothing, you know, that was his child, and She's
successful and it really gets me. There's a lot
of men out there that say, oh, the women
don't want to do this. We don't wanna do
that. I wanted to, you know, to this day,
I would love to be married to one person
and sit home and cook or whatever, and I,
it gets me that, uh, a lot of men
say that we don't wanna do that, you know,
and I know I wanted to do it, but
I find, you know, the last time I was
married, the guy. He didn't want to pay you
everything, he still wanted me to work, you know.
So, you know, yeah,
so yeah, so let me ask you then, because
I think this is one of the early episodes
you did on your podcast. There was an episode
where you talked about how you approach, uh, love
in your life. So, how, uh, how do you
approach relationships and love in your life?
Well, I, I keep it like 100% with what
I do, um, and who I am as a
person. So it's hard cause it's, there's not many
men that can handle me. They can,
but, but handling in what sense?
Um, I just, I always tell guys the truth,
but I find a lot of females don't tell
them. So a lot of, because I'm 100% like
I tell people from the day I met, I
was an exotic dancer. And I noticed a lot
of women, they play this game with men that
they're, they play Miss Innocent, and I just tell
everybody the worst of the worst of the worst
upfront, so the guys get scared of me, but
they don't know like the true, you know, cause
I'm really not a drinker. I'm really not a
crazy person, but when they meet me, they hear
the craziest stuff. So they, it's just whoever chooses
to stay, chooses to stay. So I just, you,
you're gonna hear the The craziest thing, but I
think a lot of men are afraid that they're
gonna end up on my podcast or something.
But, but I mean, do you, do you think
that the issue is that many men, uh, wouldn't
like to date or be in a relationship with,
uh, sex workers specifically, or is it some other,
you,
you know what, a lot of, uh, I get
all kinds of guys. I do get a lot
of very good looking guys. I get a lot
of young, a lot of young guys, um, and
it's just so many different guys, but they. You
know, they, it, it's who's strong enough to handle
it, appreciate it, you know what I'm saying? And
then who do I want to put up with
too.
Mm, OK, but uh but but but I mean,
do, do you think that many men have a
particular issue with having a partner that is a
sex worker, or
yeah, or what um. Yeah, they do, they do.
Yeah, because they want, they want a lot of
men want this real innocent type, um. And Not
so many anyone. I, I'm starting to find out
that like a lot of men are not so
sexually advanced as me, of course. That's another thing,
a whole another issue. Uh,
uh, WHAT, what, uh, you think that many men,
uh, I mean, are not good at pleasing women
sexually or?
Well, it's not that they're not, they're just not,
um. When I say sexually advanced, I guess because
I have the podcast, I know so much sexually
things, and, you know, uh, all day long, I'm
talking about sex, sex, sex, sex, sex all the
time, you know what I'm saying, and different things.
And after a while, so I'm just so accustomed
to it. But it's a very, I'm just upfront
when I date, so they know the, the moment.
So there's no surprises.
No. OK, so let, let me, let me ask
you this. If you have a boyfriend or a
husband, would you mind at all if he consumed
pornography?
Oh, I, I have my last partner. He did,
um, but I think that, I think that was
an issue because he didn't, um, and I didn't
realize till now, um, that was an issue because
he, that was, at first I didn't, when I
was in the relationship, it didn't really bother me,
but now I realize there needs to be structure
on the conception of, of how much you watch.
He was daily in the morning all the time.
So he got accustomed to it. And I think
that's a problem that now I am aware of
that a guy that watches too much, you know,
that, that tends to be a problem. Like you
need to be, um, sort of, uh, What's the
word, like not so addictive to it.
Yeah, you know, you know, it's interesting because that
really goes along what I, what Doctor Nicole Prosi,
I mean, she's a psychologist and a neuroscientist and
she works on pornography, sex work, and so on.
I've had her on the show twice and in
our first conversation, or was a. The second, perhaps
it was the 1st, she uh she said that
the issue with people who are in relationships consuming
pornography is not the consumption of pornography per se,
it's, uh, if there's a big discrepancy between the
man and the woman in terms of how much
pornography
they consume, because he, he used to all the
time, and when I was in the relationship, I
just thought, oh, this is no issue, he. He's
doing his thing, he's doing his thing. And then
now after I've left the relationship, because we never
even slept in the bed together. And yeah, and
now I realized it was easy for me. I
watched, I chased out of that relationship so easily.
It was very easy separation because of it. And
because we ended up not having sex, and I
realized, because I was so OK with it, that
was the way. I wasn't satisfied, but he was
taking care of himself so much that that was
our issue. Like I, I never really said anything
cause I was like, oh, OK, whatever, he's just
doing his thing. But now I realize that, you
know, he should have. You know, I should have
said something a long time. Now I know that's
like a red flag for any guy that's too
much, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, because it's really about the discrepancy,
I think for, for example, the man watches porn
once or twice a week and the woman does
the same, or even if they sometimes yeah, once
or twice
as good, yeah, once or once a, once a
week, twice a week is good, but this he
was like, yeah, daily, yeah, it, it, yeah, yeah,
like at least 4 to 5 times, yeah.
Yeah, or if, for example, or if for example,
there are couples who watch porn together, I mean,
that's perfectly OK, I
think. Oh, I think couples together, that's fine, yeah,
yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, uh tell us then
about your get schooled podcast. I mean, what kind
of goals do you have with it and what
kind of things do you do there?
OK, so with Get School, I created it, um,
because Foster Cesa, which happened in 2019, we lost
a lot of platforms that educated people about sex
work. And I noticed with podcasting, you could have
any type of, you know, you could have all
sorts of people on talking. And I felt like
there was a need to have a platform where
you would have sex workers or different type of
people talking about sex. So, I don't have just
sex workers, I also have therapists. I have, um,
educators or different people that can contribute to sex
work on. And I've done now over 100 and
probably over 150 episodes. And each episode I try
keeping very different. I've also had people to talk
about like polyamory, um, swinging, because that's important to
me to discuss because it's, there's so much misconception
about different and every, every guest I try keeping
different and it's people talking from their own experience,
their own word educating people. Um, I, I try
my best getting guests that have been in, if
they were sex workers, I try my hardest getting
people that have been in at least 10 years.
Um, SOMETIMES I can't always get people in that
have been over 10 years, and I think it's
important because I noticed during the pandemic, a lot
of people jumped into sex work and they got
on OnlyFans, but they didn't, they, they're not even
running their OnlyFans page. They're having chatters on. So
they, I feel like they're not really. Giving the
best experience for sex work. So it's just really
important for me to get people that have, you
know, done different forms of sex work, um, so
that way to educate people and they're, you know,
and share experiences, whether, you know, they've been a
dominatrix, they've been an escort, they've been, um, You
know, I've had everything on a cam model. They,
you know, um, you know, just just different things.
Yeah, I, I, yeah, I know that you have
a, I, I have listened to several episodes, and
I know that you have a sort of a
series of episodes which was something like, Uh, sex
workers are humans too, something like that, right? And
I mean, uh, what do you think are the
best ways of, uh, humanizing sex workers to fight
against the typical social stigma and discrimination that they
tend to get?
Um, I did that series and I brought in,
um, some well-known porn stars, and I wanted them
to just talk about like their like stuff that
I wanted them to just talk normal and not
about like, uh, and it was, that was a
very good series. We talk about stuff they enjoyed.
I think Jill Blue, she talked about how she
liked going to, uh, what was it, the, the
raves. And, uh, Violet Meyers talked about Japan and
her love for, uh, Anime. She loves anime. So
she, and I like Hello Kitty, so I love
talking to her about that. And it was a
very good series, uh, uh, so I, I just
think that, you know, hearing for them and, and
even enjoying their aesthetics and listening to their, um,
their lives, it, it's good we, we listen to
them because it, it's, you know, there's more to
them than, than, than that filming. You know, it,
it, it's just, uh, right now it's her name
is, uh, Jasmine Sher Shene Sherning, she's, um, uh.
I interviewed her. I did a good episode with
her. She used to be. An ER, uh, ER
nurse. And um I used to be really against
sex workers that would just jump into sex work
from another career. After I had that interview, I
had an appreciation for people that like our first
responders, because she worked in the ER as a
nurse, and I, I realized like, you know, like,
firefighters, ER nurses, stuff like her, they're watching people
die. And, and, and that interview was very important
for me and she's somebody to watch, but we
don't. You know, we don't, a lot of jobs
like, they're getting PTSD. You know, it, it's going
through a lot. So when she had her career
change, and she, she's somebody to very much watch
in her career changing, um, it made me really
appreciate her as the individual. It was a very
good episode because I was like, whoa, um, you
know, she did this career change, but she, you
know, what she encountered, it was such a human
experience interviewing her. You know, so that's a very
good episode because I, it's, uh, I felt like
it's a very human experience of that interview with
her. So she's somebody that's a very good episode
to listen to with Jasmine Cherie,
yeah, OK. The, the one who loves Japan and
anime is Jules.
Well, that's, no, uh, no, Jules Blue is the
one that did, um, she is the raver. Violet
Meyers like all of, um, and, but the other
person is. That I think she's up and coming
right now. She's um nominated for a lot of
AVN is Jasminehrney, and um I can connect you
with her PR person. She's somebody very good, um.
Because she was an ER, uh, nurse, and I
did that interview and that was a, it was
very human experience interviewing her because I realized like
what she witnessed as an ER doctor and then
going into porn, it was just a that interview
to me, it kind of shook me up because
I didn't, I had a whole new appreciation for
uh first responders.
Mhm, YEAH, yeah, no, no, you, you, you have
to help me get, uh, the one whoever it
was who likes, uh, Japan and anime on
the show
because I'm, I'm also, I'm also into anime, so
probably, OK,
OK, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you're into anime too.
Oh, she, she loves it, yeah, she loves, loves
it, yeah, Violet Meyers loves it, and I love
talking to her about it, anime too, because I
love Hello Kitty. They have a like a uh
a Hawaii restaurant here in New York. It's so
nice. I want to go to and I have
nobody to go to.
Yeah, that's nice. OK, so look, just to finish,
just to wrap this up with a bit of
fun, uh, because I, I mean, I'm about to
try to get more sex workers on the show,
so I,
I have somebody I'll introduce you to, yes.
OK, so, uh, I will make this a series,
I guess, hopefully if it goes well, and so
I guess that I will introduce this question here
and I will. Make it uh, the, uh, I
will make it the, uh, final question of every
episode, I guess. I, it just came to my
mind. So you mentioned earlier Brittany Andrews, Eva Devine,
so the, the other lady, I'm sorry, I can't
remember her name because I never heard of her,
uh, but what is your Mount Rushmore of, uh,
porn stars, female porn stars?
The Mount Rushmore. Ava Devine, Brittany Andrews, and right
now for the young, I feel like Jasmine Shereen
seems to be up there. She's like the Obama.
She's like the Obama right now. I want to
say, um, definitely Mercedes Ashley. Uh, YEAH, so that
would be the Mount Rushmore. Definitely Mercedes Ashley. She's,
she's old school, uh, but I know her personally
and I've worked with her, and she's just genius.
Oh my gosh, she's old school. She's kind of
disappeared, but she is genius.
You, yeah, do you want me to tell you
mine,
or yes, tell me yours.
OK. Uh, NUMBER 1 for me, the goat, Nina
Hartley.
Oh, OK, Nina Hartley.
Yeah, uh, number 2, let, let me just think
for a second. Number 20, Lisa Han, Lisa
Han. Oh, OK,
OK. Number 2, number 3. Uh, I guess that
I'm going to consider also the longevity and the,
the number, the huge number of scenes she's done,
Phoenix
Marie. Oh, OK, yeah, I've met her briefly, but
I just don't know her, you know what it
is? I don't, if I don't know them personally
and I haven't interviewed them, I can't really talk.
Yeah, but I know I've met her briefly, so
yeah, yeah,
I, I, I think she also worked in healthcare,
I guess, I, I, if I'm not mistaken,
I, I have, I have an inter if I
don't interview them and I don't know them, I
can't really speak. I know Lisa Ann, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, uh, OK, yeah, and then the final
one, yeah, Mount Rushmore is for people, right? So
the final one, I, I mean, it has to
be my favorite. I mean, I don't think that
she's better than others who I would put below
her, but she's just my favorite, so she's a
writer.
Oh, OK, OK. All right,
so there you go, and then, and then honorable
mentions, uh, Janet Mason, Ryan Connor, uh, Kinder list.
Yeah, OK. All right. Oh, I forgot Jenna James,
uh, sweet, I forgot about her, um, she's, yeah,
she should have been up there. I forgot about
her.
Yeah, Jenna Jameson is old school as well.
Yes, old school. Yeah, bless her heart. So, yeah,
great. So look, uh, where can people find you
on the internet?
They can go to Marcellusobella.com, um M A R
C E L A S O B E L
L A dot com that has all of uh
My social media, or you could simply Google Marcela
Alonzo. Marcella is spelled with one L.
OK,
yeah, and uh look for the blue check mark
on my IG. So in my Facebook, I have
a blue check mark, so don't fall for the
uh fates, but all my uh sites are on
Marcellusob Bella.com.
OK, great. So look, thank you so much for
coming on the show. It's been a very fun
conversation. OK,
thank you so much,
Richard. Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview
until the end. If you liked it, please share
it, leave a like and hit the subscription button.
The show is brought to you by Enlights, Learning
and Development done differently. Check their website at lights.com
and also please consider supporting the show on Patreon
or PayPal. I would also like to give a
huge thank you to my main patrons and PayPal
supporters, Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seaz
Olaf, Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingberrd, Arnaud Wolf, Tim
Hollis, Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forrest Connolly. Then
Dmitri Robert Windegerru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield,
Governor, Michel Stormir, Samuel Andre, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo,
and Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labrarith, John Yardston, and
Samuel Curri, Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel,
Sardusran, David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezara Romain Roach, Diego
Londono Correa. Yannik Punter DaRosmani, Charlotte Blis, Nicole Barbaro,
Adam Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alec Baka Madison, Gary G. Alman,
Semov, Zal Adrian Yei Poltontin, John Barboza, Julian Price,
Edward Hall, Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolotti, Gabriel
P Scortez or Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffyanny
Smith, and Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg
Jarno, Luke Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin,
David Williams, Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex
Shaw, Marie Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D.
Lee Junior. Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber,
Robert Grassy, Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix,
Mark Kempel, Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly
Johnson, Benjamin Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson,
Ismael Bensleyman. George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate
Van Goler, Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali
Mohammadi, Perpendicular, Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David
Pinsov, Sean Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A
special thanks to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank
Lucas Stink, Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller,
Thomas Trumbull, Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlomon Negro,
Al Nick Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my
executive producers, Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and
Rosie. Thank you for all.